{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf1265\cocoasubrtf210
{\fonttbl\f0\fswiss\fcharset0 Helvetica;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}
{\list\listtemplateid2\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{disc\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid101\'01\uc0\u8226 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listlevel\levelnfc23\levelnfcn23\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{hyphen\}}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid102\'01\uc0\u8259 ;}{\levelnumbers;}\fi-360\li1440\lin1440 }{\listname ;}\listid2}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}{\listoverride\listid2\listoverridecount0\ls2}}
\margl1440\margr1440\vieww19320\viewh8400\viewkind0
\pard\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural

\f0\fs28 \cf0 A system firmware update is required on this machine in order to boot from APFS volumes. Your system must have APFS booting support in its system firmware in order to run Catalina. To update the system firmware on this machine, you have two options:\
\
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls1\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Install macOS 10.13 High Sierra (recommended): To download and install macOS High Sierra, simply use the App Store to download a copy and install. If you can\'92t find the App Store entry for High Sierra, you can get to it {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://apps.apple.com/us/app/macos-high-sierra/id1246284741?ls=1&mt=12"}}{\fldrslt here}}\
\pard\tx560\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\pardirnatural
\cf0 \
\pard\tx220\tx720\tx1120\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li720\fi-720\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl0\cf0 {\listtext	\'95	}Download and install the firmware update manually. To do so, perform the following steps:\
\pard\tx940\tx1440\tx1680\tx2240\tx2800\tx3360\tx3920\tx4480\tx5040\tx5600\tx6160\tx6720\li1440\fi-1440\pardirnatural
\ls2\ilvl1\cf0 {\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Ensure you are running at least OS X version 10.10 Yosemite. If you are running an older version of Mac OS, you should upgrade to High Sierra to perform the firmware update, as this method will not work\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Download the installer package found {\field{\*\fldinst{HYPERLINK "https://ipfs.io/ipfs/QmZ5KmpG4SeHF8gWrHmoLcG9a3BNAcWWQoERg4q2J1kuQL/OfficialAPFSFWUpdate.zip"}}{\fldrslt here}}\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Plug your machine into power. This process will not work when running only off battery\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}Open and install the package. Once the package installation finishes, your system will show an Apple logo with thick progress bar upon restart. Do not turn your machine off during this process, or it will become bricked\
{\listtext	\uc0\u8259 	}The system firmware should now be updated\
}